Add docs on advanced contrast limits widget (#542)
napari/docs: docs/howtos/layers/image.md

## Adjusting contrast limits

Each image layer gets mapped through its colormap according to values called
contrast limits. Contrast limits are the minimum and maximum values displayed
by the layer, represented in napari by a 2-tuple where the second value is
larger than the first. The smaller contrast limit corresponds to the value of
the image data that will get mapped to the color defined by 0 in the colormap,
meaning that in most cases any value under the smaller contrast limit will appear as black. On

> the other hand, the larger contrast limit corresponds to the value of the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meaning that in most cases any value under the lower contrast limit will appear as black. On
the other hand, the upper contrast limit corresponds to the value of the image
```

Reviewer: Is it worth using lower/upper language isntead of smaller/larger (there's a few other places this is relevant)? I suppose it's equivalent language, but I do find that perhaps for arrays with signed values lower/upper is more intuitive when I explain to others (because while -2 is smaller than -0.1, the magnitude is larger)

> data that will get mapped to the color defined by 1 in the colormap. For example, for an image using the `gray` colormap, all values larger than this value will appear as white.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data that will get mapped to the color defined by 1 in the colormap; for an image using the `gray` colormap, all values larger than this value will appear as white. Note that the values set in the contrast limits do not change the underlying values of the image, only the visualization of the colormap. 
```

## Adjusting contrast limits

Each image layer gets mapped through its colormap according to values called
contrast limits. Contrast limits are the minimum and maximum values displayed
by the layer, represented in napari by a 2-tuple where the second value is
larger than the first. The smaller contrast limit corresponds to the value of
the image data that will get mapped to the color defined by 0 in the colormap,

> such that any value under the smaller contrast limit will appear as black. On

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
meaning that in most cases any value under the smaller contrast limit will appear as black. On
```
I think it's better to generalize this? We have LUT where 0 isn't mapped to black.

the other hand, the larger contrast limit corresponds to the value of the image
data that will get mapped to the color defined by 1 in the colormap. All values

> of image data larger than this value will appear as white.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
data that will get mapped to the color defined by 1 in the colormap. For example, for an image using the `gray` colormap, all values larger than this value will appear as white.
```
Same as above, let's generalize?

has two handles: one adjusts the smaller value, and one adjusts the larger
value.

> For RGB images, adjusting the contrast limits adjusts the black point and white point of the image.

Reviewer: Should these lines be moved to above the L375 code cell? on the webpage it feels a bit caught out between the image and the admonition

Reviewer 3: @TimMonko I'm trying to get the 0.5.6 release done so I merged with your other two suggestions. If you want to make a PR with this comment we can review that for the next release!

```{important}
If you pass `contrast_limits` as a keyword argument to a layer, then the full
extent of the `contrast limits:` range slider will also be set to those values!
```

```{tip}
If contrast limits are not passed, napari will compute them. If your data is
small, napari will take the minimum and maximum values across your
entire image. If your data is exceptionally large, this operation can be very
time consuming. If you pass an image pyramid, then napari will use only the
top level of that pyramid, or it will use the minimum and maximum values
across the top, middle, and bottom slices of your image. In general, if working
with big images, it is recommended to explicitly set the contrast limits if you
can.
```

For more precise control, you can right-click on the contrast limits slider to show a version of the slider with numerical values. Importantly, all four displayed values can be edited by clicking on them. Editing the numbers above the circular slider handles allows you to precisely specify values for the two contrast limits. Press the {kbd}`Enter` or {kbd}`Return` to confirm the new value.

> Meanwhile, the numbers at the two ends of the horizontal rule let you change the *range* of the contrast limits slider (programmatically accessed using the `contrast_limits_range` property). Clicking the `full range` button will reset the contrast limits slider range back to the full range of the data type (e.g. 0 and 255 for `uint8`). Finally, clicking the `reset` button will reset *both* the contrast limits *and* the contrast limits range to the full range of the data type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, the numbers at the two ends of the horizontal rule let you change the *range* of the contrast limits slider (programmatically accessed using the `contrast_limits_range` property). Clicking the `full range` button will reset the contrast limits slider range back to the full range of the data type (e.g. 0 and 255 for `uint8`). Finally, clicking the `reset` button will reset *both* the contrast limits *and* the contrast limits range to the full range for uint8 images (0, 255), and to the minimum and maximum of the *data* for other data types.
```
Ooof this is very confusing, but correct.
uint8 is a special case where full range is always used.
data range is used for everything else -- and there is no easy way to reset to full range!

> As of right now, adjusting the contrast limits has no effect for `rgb` data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For RGB images, adjusting the contrast limits adjusts the black point and white point of the image.
```

> If you pass contrast limits as a keyword argument to a layer, then the full
> extent of the `contrast limits:` range slider will be set to those values.

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```{important}
If you pass `contrast_limits` as a keyword argument to a layer, then the full
extent of the `contrast limits:` range slider will also be set to those values!
```
````
This is really insidious, lets make it an admonition.

```{tip}
If contrast limits are not passed, napari will compute them. If your data is
small, napari will take the minimum and maximum values across your
entire image. If your data is exceptionally large, this operation can be very
time consuming. If you pass an image pyramid, then napari will use only the
top level of that pyramid, or it will use the minimum and maximum values
across the top, middle, and bottom slices of your image. In general, if working
with big images, it is recommended to explicitly set the contrast limits if you
can.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

For more precise control, you can right-click on the contrast limits slider to show a version of the slider with numerical values. Importantly, all four displayed values can be edited by clicking on them. Editing the numbers above the circular slider handles allows you to precisely specify values for the two contrast limits. Press the {kbd}`Enter` or {kbd}`Return` to confirm the new value.
Meanwhile, the numbers at the two ends of the horizontal rule let you change the *range* of the contrast limits slider (programmatically accessed using the `contrast_limits_range` property). Clicking the `full range` button will reset the contrast limits slider range back to the full range of the data type (e.g. 0 and 255 for `uint8`). Finally, clicking the `reset` button will reset *both* the contrast limits *and* the contrast limits range to the full range of the data type.
```

### Resetting the contrast limits

When all the image data values are near the bottom of the range, the image can
appear black even if there are some very dark (but not quite black) pixels there.

To avoid such issues, you can reset the contrast limits by clicking the
"auto-contrast: once" button, or, if that fails, right-clicking on the contrast

> limits to do manual adjustment, including directly editing the numbers shown or

Reviewer 2: We can leave this, but looking at the code and testing a bit with:
```
data = np.array([[10, 15], [20 ,25]], dtype=np.uint8)
```
I *think* that `once` and `reset` do exactly the same thing.
I was expecting `once` to use the data range, but it uses dtype range.

`once` and `continuous` should get tooltips -- i'll add that to an existing issue with contrast limits in napari/napari

Reviewer 2: Ok , nvm, confusingly, once and reset do the same thing for the case of unit8 but not the others, where once will only reset contrast limits and not their range.
